Add Keycloak OAuth login (#159)
CDCgov/dibbs-query-connector: query-connector/README.md

Before running the Query Connector locally, you will need to obtain an API key for the electronic Reporting and Surveillance Distribution (eRSD). With the API key, you have access to 200+ pre-built queries for reportable conditions, e.g., chlamydia, influenza, hepatitis A, etc. These queries can be used and modified in the Query Connector app.

To obtain a free API key, please visit <https://ersd.aimsplatform.org/#/api-keys> and follow the sign up instructions.

Next, set up your `.env` file with the following command: `cp .env.sample .env`

Adjust your `DATABASE_URL` as needed.

> Add your API key as an environment variable called `ERSD_API_KEY` in the `.env` file so that it can be accessed when running the Query Connector app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add your API keys as an environment variables called `ERSD_API_KEY` and `UMLS_API_KEY` in the `.env` file so that they can be accessed when running the Query Connector app.
```

#### Running Keycloak for Authentication

```

> docker compose up -f docker-compose-dev.yaml up Keycloak

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker compose up -f docker-compose-dev.yaml up keycloak
```

```

> To login via Keycloak, use the following credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To login via Keycloak, make sure your `.env` is updated using `cp` command above and use the following credentials to login at `localhost:8080` after spinning up the container:
```

```
Username: qc-admin

> Password: QcDev2024!

Reviewer: Maybe add a line after this about spinning up the app via `npm run dev or npm run dev-win`  and checking that you are able to log in at localhost:3000? In my case, I saw the sign in button appear and then disappear and to check that I keycloak worked, I checked that I was able to get to the my queries page and click log out.

Author: Added!

Reviewer: Looks good!
